第1篇
Letter in the Centerville College NewsThe administration has announced plans to acquire a new sculpture for campus. We should all oppose this plan. The university’s poor financial condition led it to increase the price for campus housing and tuition by 15% this past year. Surely then it is in no financial position to purchase such an expensive sculpture. Moreover, just look at the sculpture: several 60-foot long steel plates, jutting out of the earth at odd angles. It’s so large; it’ll take up all the green space in front of the campus center! This is public space that should be reserved for students to use.

第2篇
Bus Service Elimination PlannedThe university has decided to discontinue its free bus service for students. The reason given for this decision is that few students ride the buses and the buses are expensive to operate. Currently, the buses run from the center of campus past university buildings and through some of the neighborhoods surrounding the campus. The money saved by eliminating the bus service will be used to expand the overcrowded student parking lots.

第3篇
Hot Breakfast Eliminated

Beginning next month, Dining Services will no longer serve hot breakfast foods at university dining halls. Instead, Students will be offered a wide assortment of cold breakfast items in the morning. These cold breakfast foods, such as breads, fruit, and yogurt, are healthier than many of the hot breakfast items that we will stop serving. So, health-conscious students should welcome this change. Students will benefit in another way as well, because limiting the breakfast selection to cold food items will save money and allow us to keep our meal plans affordable.

第4篇
Evening Computer Classes May Be AddedThe computer department is considering offering evening classes in the fall. The proposal to add the classes is a response to student complaints that daytime computer classes have become increasingly overcrowded and there are no longer enough computers available. The department has decided that despite some added expense, the most cost-effective way of addressing this problem is by adding computer classes in the evening. It is hoped that this change will decrease the number of students enrolled in day classes and thus guarantee individual access to computers for all students in computer classes.

第5篇
Campus Dinning Club AnnouncedStarting this year, the university dining hall will be transformed into the Campus Dining Club for one week at the end of each semester. During the last week of each semester, the dining hall will feature special meals prepared by the university’s culinary arts students. The school feels that this will give students who are studying cooking and food preparation valuable experience that will help them later, when they pursue careers. The university has announced that it will charge a small additional fee for these dinners in order to pay for the special gourmet food ingredients that will be required.

第6篇
Letter in the Centerville College NewsThe administration has announced plans to acquire a new sculpture for campus. We should all oppose this plan. The university’s poor financial condition led it to increase the price for campus housing and tuition by 15% this past year. Surely then it is in no financial position to purchase such an expensive sculpture. Moreover, just look at the sculpture: several 60-foot long steel plates, jutting out of the earth at odd angles. It’s so large; it’ll take up all the green space in front of the campus center! This is public space that should be reserved for students to use.

第7篇
Music Coming to CafeteriasMary Dixon, Director of the Student Life Committee, announced yesterday that beginning next semester university cafeterias will broadcast classical music during mealtimes. “Music will foster a more relaxed atmosphere.” said Dixon, “Students’ lives are hectic, and mealtimes provide important opportunities to take a break and catch up with friends before moving on to the next class or assignment.” Added Dixon. “We’re also hoping that, if we provide the music, students will unplug their personal music devices---their walkmans and mp3 players of whatever---and will spend more time talking to each other. When students have their headphones on, they’re not connecting with each other. ”

第8篇
Required Work ExperienceThe business studies department at State University will now require all students enrolled in its program to complete one semester of work experience in a local corporation or small business. It is felt that students will benefit from this work experience by developing leadership and organizational skills that would not normally be learned in a classroom or campus setting. Furthermore, the relationship that students establish with the company that they work for may help them to secure permanent employment with that company once they have completed the program and graduated.

第9篇
Student Art DisplayThe university is currently considering possible locations on campus for displaying paintings and other artwork by students. I think the lobby at the entrance to the student center would be a great location. Since many students pass through the Student center every day, artwork displayed in the lobby would be viewed by hundreds of people. Also, because the whole front of the building is made of glass window, the lobby is filled with natural light. This makes it perfect for displaying artwork, which should have plenty of light to be seen and appreciated.Sincerely yours,Paul Sands.

第10篇
The Road Less TravelledTo a child his or her parents are everything; they represent the world. The child does not have the perspective to see that other parents are different and frequently better. He assumes that the way his parents do things is the way that things are done. Consequently the realization--the "reality" --that this child came to was not "I can't trust my parents" but "I can't trust people." Not trusting people therefore became the map with which he entered adolescence and adulthood. 

第11篇
Sculpture Courses to Be DiscontinuedUniversity administrators announced yesterday that the sculpture program, a division of the art department, will be eliminated. “The main reason is a lack of student interest,” reported one administrator. “Although the number of art students has increased, fewer and fewer art majors are taking sculpture classes.” Furthermore, the department’s only sculpture professor is retiring this year. “Given the art department’s limited budget,” the administrator explained, “it just doesn’t make sense to hire a new full-time professor to teach sculpture for only a handful of students.”

第12篇
College Radio Station to Undergo Major Changes?The university is considering making major changes to the college radio station. Changes would include an expansion of the station’s broadcasting range, which would allow the radio’s programming to reach nearby towns. One goal of the plan is to attract more students to apply to its communication’s program. Another goal is to provide the university with an extra source of revenue. University officials expect the enhanced radio station to significantly increase the number of listeners, which will in turn encourage businesses to place commercials on the radio

第13篇
New StadiumA university official announced plans to spend $2 million to build a new athletic stadium, commenting that a new stadium would help the university achieve its goal of attracting more top students. The official also said that, additionally, building a new stadium would allow the university to strengthen its relationship with the town since a new and larger stadium would have the space to seat not only students, parent, and alumni, but members of the local community as well.

第14篇
University Should Allow Eating in ClassCurrently, there is a university-wide policy that prohibits eating in the classroom. I disagree with this policy. I think students should be allowed to eat in class. This change would be good for two reasons. For one thing, students were permitted to eat, they would be able to concentrate better, because students often get hungry during long classes, and hunger makes it difficult to concentrate. Also, if food were allowed in classrooms, it would be possible for us to have in-class parties on the last day of class---with snack foods and beverages---to celebrate the end of each semester.

第15篇
University Should Pave Running TrailsThe university has about three miles of unpaved dirt running trails that pass through the forest near campus. I think these trails should be paved with cement. One reason for paving the trails would be to increase their safety. When it rains, the dirt turns to mud and becomes very slippery, so the runners who use them can slip and fall. Pavement would solve this problem. Also, paving would make the trails look nicer, which would encourage students to use them. Bumps in the trial would be smoothed out and weeds would be paved over, making the trail more attractive to runners.

第16篇
Housing Renovations PlannedOver the last ten years, the number of Central College students living on campus in dormitories has decreased by twenty percent. In an effort to counteract the trend, the college has announced a plan to renovate its on-campus housing. The renovations will take two years, and they will include improvements to the bathrooms, lighting, and heating in the dormitories. “A lot of people are moving off campus because the dorms aren’t in great shape,” explained the college president. “By renovating the dorms, we can make them more appealing than off-campus housing, and more students will choose to remain on campus.”

第17篇
New Library WorkspacesSay good-bye to the big, multi person study tables in Turner Library. This summer, the tables will be exchanged for new personal study cubicles---small, one-person desks enclosed by walls. These new units will allow students to have privacy and work in isolation and will therefore eliminate noise in the library so students can concentrate. Additionally, the cubicles will enable the library to accommodate the recent increase in the number of students attending our university. Although the current tables seat six students each, they make poor use of the available floor space. The cubicles, on the other hand, are designed for maximum space efficiency, and the library can therefore add 50 new seats.

第18篇
University Choir to Enter Off-Campus Singing CompetitionsCurrently, the university choir gives singing concerts only on campus. Next year, however, the choir will add competitive events at other locations to its schedule. The choir’s new director feels that entering singing competitions will make the quality of the choir’s performance even better than it is now. “Competitions will motivate students in the choir to pursue a higher standard of excellence in singing.” He said. In addition, it is hoped that getting the choir off campus and out in the public will strengthen the reputation of the university’s music program. This in turn will help the program grow.

第19篇
Fee Increase for Recreation Center UseThe university administration today announced a $25 increase in the student fee for using the campus recreation center. The higher fee, which all students are required to pay, will provide funds to upgrade the facility and provide newer, more modern exercise equipment at the center. “We expect the improvements to increase student use of the facility,” explained David Smith, director of the student activities office. Mr. Smith also noted that the decision was approved because “We feel that $25 is a reasonable increase that will be affordable for individual students.”

第20篇
The Road Less TraveledBy this time I hope it is becoming clear that the exercise of discipline is not only a demanding but also a complex task, requiring both flexibility and judgment. Courageous people must continually push themselves to be completely honest, yet must also possess the capacity to withhold the whole truth when appropriate. To be free people we must assume total responsibility for ourselves, but in doing so must possess the capacity to reject responsibility that is not truly ours. To be organized and efficient, to live wisely, we must daily delay gratification and keep an eye on the future; yet to live joyously we must also possess the capacity, when it is not destructive, to live in the present and act spontaneously. 

第21篇
Student Health Services Need ImprovementThe situation at the health center is unacceptable: you sit in a crowded waiting room for hours waiting to get treatment for minor ailments. Then when it’s your turn, you get about three minutes with an overworked doctor. I have two suggestions. First, the health center needs to hire more doctors so that each patient receives quality treatment. And as far as the wait time issue is concerned, the health center is currently open only Monday through Fridays, which means that people who get sick over the weekend wait until the following week to get treatment. So, opening the health center on weekends should solve that problem too.

第22篇
No More International NewsFor the past few years, the daily campus newspaper has included a one-page international news section covering a few of the major stories in world news. Starting next month, the section will be eliminated. One of the reasons the newspaper editors gave for the decision to cut the section is that other news sources are better able to provide wider and more up-to-date international news coverage. The editors also noted that the change would create space for a new calendar page that will list events and activities around campus. 

第23篇
Split GraduationTraditionally, the university holds one ceremony for all graduating students, during which students are awarded their diplomas. Beginning this year, however, the university will hold two graduation ceremonies. Under the new arrangement, half the graduating students will participate in the first ceremony, and the others will participate in the second ceremony to be held the following day. Administers cite two reasons for the change. First, the number of students increased in recent years, and since diplomas are awarded individually, the single ceremony is uncomfortably long. Also, the hall where the ceremony is held is too small to accommodate the growing audience of friends and family members.

第24篇
At present, students are required to meet their academic advisor before the beginning of every semester. The advisors help students select courses and advise them on graduation requirements. However, I don’t see the point of required meetings, since the necessary information about the courses is already available on the university’s website which all the students have access to. In addition, eliminating meetings with advisors would ease the difficulty that the students often have in finding a time to schedule a meeting when both they and their advisors are free.   

第25篇
The university will begin switching from tradition-bound textbooks early next year. University students will be able to download the content of their required books to a reading device and read the material directly from the device’s screen. While the cost of the device is around $200, it is a one-time expense. Considering the rising cost of textbooks, students will save money in the long run since purchasing the electronic books for their classes is much less expensive than buying regular textbooks. Furthermore, the university believes the device will be an effective study aid because it is simple to operate and offers features such as highlighting of the text and note-taking.

第26篇
Energy Costs Reach Sky-high LevelsHeating prices, and the university’s heating bills, reached record-high levels this year. In an effort to reduce heating costs, the university plans to lower the temperature in all classroom buildings on weekends and on weekdays after five P.M. when the day’s classes have officially ended. Because classes will not be in session at these times, the reduced heat should have no negative impact on students and their studies. The university considers it essential that cost-saving measures not interfere with students‘ activities.

第27篇
I’ve noticed that small construction projects on campus like fixing sidewalks and parking lots often take place during the regular school year when classes are in session I propose that whenever possible the university should schedule such construction projects to take place during the three-month summer break. One reason is that construction projects can be so disruptive; they create inconveniences and can make it hard to get where you need to go on campus. And, second, construction projects would be more likely to be completed quickly if they were scheduled for the summer when the weather is usually good.

第28篇
The university has a large collection of films on video and DVD that students can borrow. However, students aren’t allowed to go into the area where these items are kept. Instead, students need to request a movie title, and then library staff gets it for them. I think students should be allowed to go into the area where the videos and DVDs are kept. First, it will be easier for students to choose a good movie because then they can easily see what is available. Also, if students can get movies themselves, the university won’t have to pay extra library staff to help students.

第29篇
The university has announced that starting with the fall semester, free tutoring will be available to all new students for their entire first year. The academic dean, James Maxwell, commented, “The university is aware of the academic problems that many first-year students face when making the transition from high school to college.” The new tutoring program, he said, is designed to assist first-year students who want or need additional support with their academic course work. The program will also be organized so that individual students can arrange to work with tutors majoring in their own chosen field of study. 

第30篇
The Road Less TraveledHe stipulated that he could see me only on those Monday evenings when there was no overtime work to be done and that he would call me at four o'clock every Monday afternoon to tell me if he could keep his appointment that evening. I told him that these conditions were not acceptable to me, that I was unwilling to set aside my plans every Monday evening on the chance that he might be able to come to his sessions. He felt that I was being unreasonably rigid, that I had no concern for his needs, that I was interested only in my own time and clearly cared nothing for him, and that therefore I could not be trusted. It was on this basis that our attempt to work together was terminated, with me as another landmark on his old map. 

第31篇
I noticed that there are bicycles locked to the campus bicycle racks that have not been moved for a long time. I think the university should remove these bikes from the racks and dispose of them. I recommend this action because, first of all, they will not be missed by anyone, since these apparently have been forgotten by their owners. More importantly, removing the bikes would help to free up space on the racks, thereby benefiting people who are actually using their bikes and need places to park them.

第32篇
GroupthinkOne process by which groups may make bad or irrational decisions is known as groupthink. Individual members of a group attempt to conform their opinions to what they believe to be the group consensus even though the result may be negative. There are many reasons why groupthink happens. These include the desire to be liked, fear of losing a job, or even not wanting to be the one employee delaying a decision that seems inevitable. These kinds of implicit pressures to conform lead group members to ultimately make decisions that each, by himself or herself, might normally not make.

第33篇
Film directors use different types of camera shots for specific purposes. An establishing shot is an image shown briefly at the beginning of a scene, usually taken from far away. That is used to provide context for the rest of the scene. One purpose of the establishing shot is to communicate background information to the viewer, such as setting—where and when the rest of the scene will occur. It also establishes the mood feeling of the scene. Due to the context that the establishing shot provides, the characters and events that are shown next are better understood by the viewer.

第34篇
An effective, widely used marketing practice in the entertainment industry is entertainment merchandising. Entertainment merchandising is a form of marketing in which the brand or image from one product is also used to sell another. The practice of entertainment merchandising often occurs in connection with movies and television shows, especially those associated with children. For example, the success of a popular children’s television show may result in the marketing of toys that are designed to look like characters in the show. Or the situation may be reversed when a children’s television show is written to include characters that are based on already-popular toys.

第35篇
Comfort Zone BiasPsychologists have found that when people make important decision, they often choose to stay in their “Comfort Zone”; that is, they prefer remaining in comfortable, familiar situations, rather than entering into new, unfamiliar ones. This tendency is often referred to as the comfort zone bias. When people are reasonably content, they often decide not to pursue a new opportunity, even if it attracts them and offers more advantages. Psychologists believe that the comfort zone bias exists not only because we have a natural preference for what we already know, but also because we want to avoid taking risks.

第36篇
It’s great that the university has a program where students can borrow bicycles from the gym. However, two changes would make the program more convenient. First, the borrowing period should be shortened to four hours maximum so that more bikes would be available when students want to borrow them. Second, currently, students who borrow bikes have to leave a cash deposit, which is returned to them when they return the bikes, but I think students should be required to leave their student identification cards instead, so they don’t have to remember to bring cash.

第37篇
Technological change occurred very rapidly in modern society-sometimes more rapidly than many people are prepared for. As a result, when new technology emerges, people may struggle for a time to adapt to it. This period of transition, when people are adjusting to technological change, is known as cultural lag. At first, people are not accustomed to the new technology and may not understand it, they may therefore have a negative attitude towards it. Overtime, however, their attitudes change and they successfully incorporate the new technology into their daily lives.  

第38篇
FranchisingMany popular and well-known business chains, such as fast food restaurants, use a practice known as franchising. In franchising, someone who wants to open a store or restaurant pays an established company for the right to use the company’s name and sell the company’s products. Selling an established, in-demand product that has immediate name recognition benefits the new business by reducing the risk that the business will fail. In exchange, the new business agrees to follow all of the standard practices of the company with the name it wants to use.

第39篇
When a student engages in disruptive behavior in the classroom, it negatively impacts both the teacher’s ability to teach and other students’ ability to learn. One way a teacher can correct disruptive behavior is by questioning awareness to effect. With this technique, when a student disrupts the class, the teacher asks the student a question that draws attention to the negative effect of the student’s behavior. The teacher then does not wait for an answer, but immediately continues teaching. By thus simply drawing attention to effect of the student’s behavior, the teacher can often lead the student to discontinue the behavior.

第40篇
The Road Less TraveledI had never been comfortable doing things unenthusiastically. How could I conceivably play chess enthusiastically but not seriously? Yet somehow I had to change, for I knew that my enthusiasm, my competitiveness and my seriousness were part of a behavior pattern that was working and would continue to work toward alienating my children from me, and that if I were not able to modify this pattern, there would be other times of unnecessary tears and bitterness. My depression continued. When I was a child my desire to win at games served me well. As a parent, I recognized that it got in my way. So it had to go. 

第41篇
Social LoafingWhen people work in groups to perform a task, individual group members may feel less motivated to contribute, since no one person is held directly responsible for completing the task. The result is that people may not work as hard, or accomplish as much, as they would if they were working alone and their individual output were being measured. This decrease in personal efforts, especially on a simple group task, is known as social loafing. While it is not a deliberate behavior, the consequence of social loafing is less personal efficiency when working in groups than when working on one’s own.

第42篇
Choice-Supportive BiasPeople often make decisions by considering the advantages and disadvantages of each option. However, after a person selects an option, there is a tendency for that person to exhibit the choice-supportive bias. After selecting an option, a person may begin to favor that option. Without being fully aware of it, people who exhibit this bias tend to focus on and remember only the advantages of the option they selected. As time passes, they will overlook the option’s disadvantages, eventually even forgetting. 

第43篇
Carrying CapacityAn animal species needs to have enough resources, like food and water, to survive in any given environment. However, because resources are limited, only a certain number of animals of a particular species are able to survive in a given habitat. The greatest number a habitat can support is known as the carrying capacity. If nothing happens to disrupt or unbalance the relationship between the animal and its habitat, the carrying capacity will remain stable. However, a carrying capacity is not fixed. If there is a significant disruption, such as an environmental event that alters the amount of available resources in the habitat, the carrying capacity will change.

第44篇
A Collective TraumaFrom the moment Donald Trump was declared the president-elect, many on the losing side --- about half nation --- have been stunned. Gone is the future they expected. Disappeared the America they believed in, the country that represented their values and all they hold dear. In New York city, some saw the faces of people on the subway and walking through times square as reminiscent of the 9/11 terror attacks. In cities across the country from Boston to Seattle crowds carried placards denying the reality that Donald Trump is to be our president. “It was like a collective trauma, a shared sense of loss and grief,” says psychologist Jack Saul, director of the International Trauma Studies Program in New York.

第45篇
The Future of ScienceIn the wake of Donald Trump’s unexpected victory in yesterday’s Presidential election, scientists and science policy experts are beginning to consider what his administration could mean for the future of science. It’s much too early to say anything for sure, but President-elect Trump has made many statements about climate change, healthcare and other issues that offer at least a rudimentary glimpse into his general attitudes. In the end, science is about hope; it’s about expanding our horizons, and endeavoring to understand more. It is an instinct so deeply human, and an instinct we need now more than ever.

第46篇
Emotional IntelligenceWe often think of human intelligence as the mental ability to analyze and understand complex ideas. However, many psychologists believe that there is a different intelligence called emotional intelligence. People with emotional intelligence have the ability to recognize their true feelings and understand what is causing them. This ability to understand their own feelings enables them to better control their emotional responses, changing or correcting them when necessary. Emotional intelligence helps people to behave appropriately in social situations, which allows them to maintain good relationship with others.

第47篇
The Decline in Australia’s Education StandardsAustralia’s education standards are not increasing in step with increased government funding. In fact, using the widely accepted PISA benchmarks, Australian schools are regressing relative to the rest of the world. Clearly, and perhaps not surprisingly, the amount of money allocated is less important than how it is spent. With significant increases in Federal education funding since 2013, the billion-dollar question is: why is student performance not improving?Many factors likely contribute to Australia’s declining school performance. These include the undervaluing of teachers, the quality of their preservice education, and students’ disposition towards learning. Another factor is that so many aspects of education—both in policy and classroom instruction—simply aren’t based on rigorously developed evidence.

第48篇
Why Nostalgia Is Good for YouOn holidays, it's natural to feel a longing for times gone by—a childhood spent singing carols or meals spent with now departed loved ones. Recently scientists have explored the bittersweet feeling of nostalgia, finding that it serves a positive function, improving mood and possibly mental health. A new paper illuminates why it works, finding that this sepia-toned sentiment does not cement us in the past but actually raises our spirit and vitality.

第49篇
New Parents Feel TerrifiedOften new parents feel terrified—and not just about the daunting prospect of raising a child. Many of them must grapple with a gut-wrenching decision: How quickly can they leave their newborn to get back to their job? Few can afford to go without salaries for long or to weaken their future wage-earning potential by leaving their job altogether.Americans face such dilemmas because 88 percent of the private U.S. workforce is ineligible for paid family leave. As a result, many women and men clock back in to work within weeks. The cost of that decision can be measured in poorer health outcomes for their newborn and for themselves.

第50篇
The Road Less TraveledIf I wanted to invest my time more heavily than my fellow residents in my work, then that was my choice, and the consequences of that choice were my responsibility. It might be painful for me to watch my fellow residents leave their offices two or three hours before me, and it might be painful to listen to my wife's complaints that I was not devoting myself sufficiently to the family, but these pains were the consequence of a choice that I had made. If I did not want to suffer them, then I was free to choose not to work so hard and to structure my time differently.

第51篇
An Earthquake in JapanAn earthquake with a preliminary magnitude of 7.3 hit northern Japan on Tuesday, the Japan Meteorological Agency said, issuing tsunami advisories for much of the nation's northern Pacific coast. Earthquakes are common in Japan, one of the world's most seismically active areas. Japan accounts for about 20 percent of the world's earthquakes of magnitude 6 or greater. All nuclear plants on the coast threatened by the tsunami are shut down in the wake of the Fukushima disaster. Only two reactors are operating in Japan, both in the southwest of the country.

第52篇
Lie About AgeGo ahead lie about your age. It may be the very thing that helps you live a longer life. If those fibbers truly believe that they are younger than what it says on their birth certificate, a new study shows they are among a group of people who have a lower death rate. That's compared with those who felt their age or who even feel older than their years. Individuals who feel older than their actual age could be targeted with health messages promoting positive behaviors and attitudes toward aging.

第53篇
An Open Letter from Scientists to President-Elect Trump on Climate ChangePresident-elect Trump has called climate change a Chinese hoax, vowed to dismantle America's climate and clean energy policies, and appointed climate deniers with ties to the fossil fuel industry to his transition team and Cabinet. In response, more than 800 Earth science and energy experts in 46 states have signed an open letter to Donald Trump, urging him to take six key steps to address climate change to help protect “America’s economy, national security, and public health and safety.”

第54篇
U.S. Kids Now Less Likely to Earn More than Their ParentsWe’re going to spend the next few minutes talking about upward mobility and the American dream. For decades, the assumption has been that with hard work the next generation will do better than their parents. Over the course of this past year, people on both the political right and left have argued that the American dream is no longer true. And now there’s growing body of academic research supporting that argument with data. A new paper published this month says that in fact, fewer American children are making more than their parents did. What caused this? One is declining economic growth. The second major trend that’s occurred is that we have more inequality, so more of the growth that is occurring is going to a handful of people at the very top of the income distribution.

第55篇
Being Mom to A Middle Schooler Can Be the Toughest Gig of AllParenting a teen is harder than mothering an infant. “When Ben was a baby, I worried about his sleeping and eating schedules, but those were things I could kind of control. Now, I obsess over how much freedom I should give him when he’s playing Pokémon Go with his friends, and how I can monitor what he’s doing online. In many ways, he’s more on his own now, and I have to trust him to make the right choices.”They discovered that the years surrounding the onset of adolescence are among the most difficult times for mothers. During this period of transition, women can feel lonely, empty and dissatisfied with their mothering roles. The researchers also found that compared to mothers of infants, these women experience the lowest levels of maternal happiness and are even more stressed out than new parents. 

第56篇
TheIrresponsibility of ParentsWhen their children are delinquent or are having difficulty in school, character-disordered parents will automatically lay the blame on the school system or on other children who, they insist, are a "bad influence" on their own children. This attitude, of course, ignores the problem. Because they duck responsibility, character-disordered parents serve as role models of irresponsibility for their children. Finally, in their efforts to avoid responsibility for their own lives, character-disordered parents will often lay this responsibility upon their children: "You kids are driving me nuts," or "The only reason I stay married to your father/mother is because of you kids."

第57篇
Best Food to Try in the CaribbeanVisiting the Caribbean is not exactly a hard-sell. With its white sandy beaches, azure sea, lively culture and balmy weather, this cluster of islands is a dream holiday destination. What's more, sampling the food is a journey in itself. So, don't leave the Caribbean without trying seafood. All those islands, all that ocean. Seafood, whether swimming or in a shell, is a Caribbean highlight.

第58篇
“Puppy Talk”- Why Do We Use It and Do Dogs Respond?Puppy TalkScientists have decoded "dog-directed speech" for the first time, and they say puppies respond to it. When we talk to dogs, we often speak slowly in a high-pitched voice, similar to the way we talk to young babies. The researchers think this way of talking may be our natural way of trying to interact with non-speaking listeners. The scientists recorded people saying the sentence: "Hi! Hello cutie! Who's a good boy? Come here! " as if they were speaking to a baby. Prof Nicolas in France said pet-directed speech is similar to the way we talk to young infants, which is known to engage their attention and promote language learning.

第59篇
Language in the Internet AgeIt is worth pausing to consider the extraordinary impact that webpage has had on the English language. Everyday words like google, unfriend and app simply didn’t exist in 1990. Even more words have had unexpected shifts in meaning in those two decades. If you had mentioned tweeting to an English-speaker a few years ago, he would have assumed you were talking about bird noise, not the use of the microblogging site Twitter. Long ago, if someone lived online, it didn’t mean they spent every waking minute on the internet, but that they travelled around with the rail network. The internet is an amazing medium for language. Language itself changes slowly but the internet has speeded up the process of those changes so you notice them more quickly. English is a remarkably inclusively language, and if words continue to be used for at least five years, they generally end up in the Oxford English dictionary.

第60篇
Heart HealthIf you are in an unhappy marriage, you may want to check in with a cardiologist. A study led by a Michigan State University sociologist has found that older couples in bad marriages, especially wives, have a higher risk for heart disease than those who are happily wed. The study, funded by the National Institute of Aging, was recently published in the Journal of Health and Social Behavior and sought to examine whether marital quality is related to risk of heart disease. It also looked at whether gender or age influenced the relationship between marriage and heart health.

第61篇
Attention, Students: Put Your Laptops AwayWith the advent of laptops and tablets, many students started typing notes, because it's often faster than writing. But it turns out that the slowness of taking notes by hand is what helps students process information and actually understand the concepts they're writing down.How to Raise Brilliant Children, According to ScienceTwo developmental psychologists offer a new framework to help parents cultivate the skills their children will actually need to thrive in the world: "If we don't rear children who are comfortable taking risks, we won't have successes."

第62篇
In many organizations, perhaps the best way to approach certain new projects is to assemble a group of people into a team. Having a team of people attack a project offers several advantages. First of all, a group of people has a wider range of knowledge, expertise, and skills than any single individual is likely to possess. Also, because of the numbers of people involved and the greater resources they possess, a group can work more quickly in response to the task assigned to it and can come up with highly creative solutions to problems and issues.

第63篇
Group Work（II）Taking part in a group process can be very rewarding for members of the team. Team members who have a voice in making a decision will no doubt feel better about carrying out the work that is entailed by the decision than they might doing work that is imposed on them by others. Also, the individual team member has a much better chance to “shine”, to get his or her contributions and ideas not only recognized but recognized as highly significant, because a team’s overall results can be more far-reaching and have greater impact than what might have otherwise been possible for the person to accomplish or contribute working alone.

第64篇
The Benefits of Shortening Working Hours（I）In the United States, employees typically work five days a week for eight hours each day. However, many employees want to work a four-day week and are willing to accept less pay in order to do so. A mandatory policy requiring companies to offer their employees the option of working a four-day workweek for four-fifths (80 percent) of their normal pay would benefit the economy as a whole as well as the individual companies and the employees who decided to take the option. 

第65篇
The Benefits of Shortening Working Hours（II）The shortened workweek would increase company profits because employees would feel more rested and alert, and as a result, they would make fewer costly errors in their work. Hiring more staff to ensure that the same amount of work would be accomplished would not result in additional payroll costs because four-day employees would only be paid 80 percent of the normal rate. In the end, companies would have fewer overworked and error prone employees for the same money, which would increase company profits. 

第66篇
Obama Speech: Democracy Needs You, Says Outgoing PresidentPresident Barack Obama has called on Americans to defend their democracy in his farewell speech in Chicago. The country's first black president, now 55, was first elected in 2008 on a message of hope and change. Obama outlined three threats to American democracy - economic inequality, racial divisions and the retreat of different segments of society into "bubbles", where opinions are not based on "some common baseline of facts". He warned "democracy is threatened whenever we take it for granted".In his closing remarks, he said he had one final request for Americans as president: "I am asking you to believe. Not in my ability to bring about change - but in yours.”

第67篇
The benefits of Shortening Working Hours（ IV ）Finally, the option of a four-day workweek would be better for individual employees. Employees who could afford a lower salary in exchange for more free time could improve the quality of their lives by spending the extra time with their families, pursuing private interests, or enjoying leisure activities.

第68篇
The Road Less TraveledIn marriage there is normally a differentiation of the roles of the two spouses, a normally efficient division of labor between them. The woman usually does the cooking, house- cleaning and shopping and cares for the children; the man usually maintains employment, handles the finances, mows the lawn and makes repairs. Healthy couples instinctively will switch roles from time to time. The man may cook a meal now and then, spend one day a week with the children, clean the house to surprise his wife; the woman may get a part-time job, mow the lawn on her husband's birthday, or take over the checking account and bill-paying for a year. 

第69篇
A recent study reveals that people especially young people are reading far less literature—novels, plays, and poems—than they used to. This is troubling because the trend has unfortunate effects for the reading public, for culture in general, and for the future of literature itself.While there has been a decline in book reading generally, the decline has been especially sharp for literature. This is unfortunate because nothing else provides the intellectual stimulation that literature does. Literature encourages us to exercise our imaginations, empathize with others, and expand our understanding of language. So by reading less literature, the reading public is missing out on important benefits.

第70篇
Unfortunately, missing out on the benefits of literature is not the only problem. What are people reading instead? Consider the prevalence of self-help books on lists of best sellers. These are usually superficial poorly written, and intellectually undemanding. Additionally, instead of sitting down with a challenging novel, many persons are now more likely to turn on the television, watch a music video, or read a Web page. Clearly, diverting time previously spent in reading literature to trivial forms of entertainment has lowered the level of culture in general.

第71篇
The Benefits of Shortening Working Hours（ III）For the country as a whole, one of the primary benefits of offering this option to employees is that it would reduce unemployment rate. If many full-time employees started working fewer hours, some of their workload would have to be shifted to others. Thus, for every four employees who went on an 80 percent week, a new employee could be hired at the 80 percent rate. 

第72篇
ADecline in Sea Otter Populations（I）The sea otter is a small mammal that lives in waters along the western coast of North America from California to Alaska. When some sea otter populations off the Alaskan coast started rapidly declining a few years ago, it caused much concern because sea otters play an important ecological role in the coastal ecosystem. Experts started investigating the cause of the decline and quickly realized that there were two possible explanations: environmental pollution or attacks by predators. Initially, the pollution hypothesis seemed the more likely of the two.

第73篇
A Decline in Sea Otter Populations（II）The first reason why pollution seemed the more likely cause was that there were known sources of it along the Alaskan coast, such as oil rigs and other sources of industrial chemical pollution. Water samples from the area revealed increased levels of chemicals that could decrease the otters' resistance to life-threatening infections and thus could indirectly cause their deaths. 

第74篇
A Decline in Sea Otter Populations（ III）Second, other sea mammals such as seals and sea lions along the Alaskan coast were also declining, indicating that whatever had endangered the otters was affecting other sea mammals as well. This fact again pointed to environmental pollution, since it usually affects the entire ecosystem rather than a single species. Only widely occurring predators, such as the orca (a large predatory whale), could have the same effect, but orcas prefer to hunt much larger prey, such as other whales.

第75篇
A Decline in Sea Otter Populations（ IV ）Third, scientists believed that the pollution hypothesis could also explain the uneven pattern of otter decline: at some Alaskan locations the otter populations declined greatly, while at others they remained stable. Some experts explained these observations by suggesting that ocean currents or other environmental factors may have created uneven concentrations of pollutants along the coast.（ IV ）

第76篇
The trend of reading less literature is all the more regrettable because it is taking place during a period when good literature is being written. There are many talented writers today, but they lack an audience. This fact is bound to lead publishers to invest less in literature and so support fewer serious writers. Thus, the writing as well as the reading of literature is likely to decline because of the poor standards of today's readers.

第77篇
First, in 1882, several decades after Austen's death, Austen's family gave permission to use the portrait as an illustration in an edition of her letters. Austen's family clearly recognized it as a portrait of the author. So, for over a century now, the Austen family itself has endorsed the claim that the girl in the portrait is Jane Austen.Second, the face in the portrait clearly resembles the one in Cassandra's sketch, which we know depicts Austen. Though somewhat amateurish, the sketch communicates definite details about Austen's face. Even though the Cassandra sketch is of an adult Jane Austen, the features are still similar to those of the teenage girl in the painting. The eyebrows, nose, mouth, and overall shape of the face are very much like those in the full-length portrait.

第78篇
Third, although the painting is unsigned and undated, there is evidence that it was painted when Austen was a teenager. The style links it to Ozias Humphrey, a society portrait painter who was the kind of professional the wealthy Austen family would hire. Humphrey was active in the late 1780s and early 1790s, exactly the period when Jane Austen was the age of the girl in the painting.

第79篇
The Sale of Fossils to Private Collectors（I） Private collectors have been selling and buying fossils, the petrified remains of ancient organisms, ever since the eighteenth century. In recent years, however, the sale of fossils, particularly of dinosaurs and other large vertebrates, has grown into a big business. Rare and important fossils are now being sold to private ownership for millions of dollars. This is an unfortunate development for both scientists and the general public.

第80篇
More importantly, scientists are likely to lose access to some of the most important fossils and thereby miss out on potentially crucial discoveries about extinct life forms. Wealthy fossil buyers with a desire to own the rarest and most important fossils can spend virtually limitless amounts of money to acquire them. Scientists and the museums and universities they work for often cannot compete successfully for fossils against millionaire fossil buyers.

第81篇
Jane Austen (1775-1817) is one of the most famous of all English novelists, and today her novels are more popular than ever, with several recently adapted as Hollywood movies. But we do not have many records of what she looked like. For a long time, the only accepted image of Austen was an amateur sketch of an adult Austen made by her sister Cassandra. However recently a professionally painted, full-length portrait of a teenage girl owned by a member of the Austen family has come up for sale. Although the professional painting is not titled Jane Austen, there are good reasons to believe she is the subject.

第82篇
It was clear that the positive impact of putting aside work to honor a team member was worth far more than the days lost. The lost days actually didn’t cost anything — the team doubled down and we beat our schedule for the upgrade. More important, the message it sent was that I valued individuals more than any work accomplishment. And because team members now understood that they were valued and special, they vastly increased their emotional commitment to making me, and the company, successful. Six months later, the chairman told me that he’d been wrong and the shutdown had been the right thing to do.

第83篇
Every year, forest fires and severe storms cause a great deal of damages to forests in the Northwestern United States. One way of dealing with the aftermath of these disasters is called salvage logging, which is the practice of removing dead trees from affected areas and using the wood for lumber, plywood, and other wood products. There are several reasons why salvage logging is beneficial both to a damaged forest and to the economy.

第84篇
Salvage Logging（II）First, after a devastating fire, forests are choked with dead trees. It will take years to decompose; in the meantime, no new trees can grow in the cramped spaces. Salvage logging, however, removes the remains of dead trees and makes room for fresh growth immediately, which is likely to help forest areas recover from the disaster.Also, dead trees do more than just take up space. Decaying wood is a highly suitable habitat for insects such as the spruce bark beetle, which in large numbers can damage lives, healthy spruce trees. So by removing rotting wood, salvage logging helps minimize the dangers of insect infestation, thus contribute to the health of the forest.

第85篇
Salvage Logging（III）Many industries depend on the forests for their production, and because of this a fire can have a very harmful effect on the economy. Often, however, the trees that have been damaged by natural disasters still can provide much wood that is usable by industries. Furthermore, salvage logging requires more workers than traditional logging operations do, and so it helps create additional jobs for local residents.

第86篇
The Sale of Fossils to Private Collectors（III）Moreover, commercial fossil collectors often destroy valuable scientific evidence associated with the fossils they unearth. Most commercial fossil collectors are untrained or uninterested in carrying out the careful field work and documentation that reveal the most about animal life in the past. For example, scientists have learned about the biology of nest-building dinosaurs called oviraptors by carefully observing the exact position of oviraptor fossils in the ground and the presence of other fossils in the immediate surroundings. Commercial fossil collectors typically pay no attention to how fossils lie in the ground or to the smaller fossils that may surround bigger ones.

第87篇
Solutions for Stoping the Spreading of Cane Toad（ II ）One way to prevent the spread of the toad would be to build a national fence. A fence that blocks the advance of the toads will prevent them from moving into those parts of Australia that they have not yet colonized. This approach has been used before: a national fence was erected in the early part of the twentieth century to prevent the spread of rabbits, another animal species that was introduced in Australia from abroad and had a harmful impact on its native ecosystems.

第88篇
Solutions for Stoping the Spreading of Cane Toad（ III ）Second, the toads could be captured and destroyed by volunteers. Cane toads can easily be caught in simple traps and can even be captured by hand. Young toads and cane toad eggs are even easier to gather and destroy, since they are restricted to the water. If the Australian government were to organize a campaign among Australian citizens to join forces to destroy the toads, the collective effort might stop the toad from spreading.

第89篇
Solutions for Stoping the Spreading of Cane Toad（ IV ）Third, researchers are developing a disease-causing virus to control the cane toad populations. This virus will be specially designed: although it will be able to infect a number of reptile and amphibian species, it will not harm most of the infected species; it will specifically harm only the cane toads. The virus will control the population of cane toads by preventing them from maturing and reproducing.

第90篇
The Road Less TraveledThe second most common misconception about love is the idea that dependency is love. This is a misconception with which psychotherapists must deal on a daily basis. A person says, I love him; I cannot live without my husband. And when I respond, as I frequently do, You are mistaken; you do not love your husband, what you describe is parasitism, not love. There is no choice, no freedom involved in your relationship. It is a matter of necessity rather than love. Two people love each other only when they are quite capable of living without each other but choose to live with each other.

第91篇
Solutions for Stoping the Spreading of Cane Toad（ I ）The cane toad is a large (1.8 kg) amphibian species native to Central and South America. It was deliberately introduced to Australia in 1935 with the expectation that it would protect farmers' crops by eating harmful insects. Unfortunately, the toad multiplied rapidly, and a large cane toad population now threatens small native animals that are not pests. Several measures have been proposed to stop the spread of the cane toad in Australia.

第92篇
Limitations for Archaeology（ II ）First, many valuable artifacts were listed to construction projects. The growth of Britain's population, especially from the 1950s on, spurred a lot of new construction in British cities, towns, and villages. While digging foundations for new buildings, the builders often uncovered archaeologically valuable sites. Usually, however, they proceeded with the construction and did not preserve the artifacts. Many archaeologically precious artifacts were therefore destroyed.

第93篇
Limitations for Archaeology（ III ）Second, many archaeologists felt that the financial support for archaeological research was inadequate. For most of the twentieth century, archaeology was funded mostly through government funds and grants, which allowed archaeologists to investigate a handful of the most important sites but which left hundreds of other interesting projects without support. Furthermore, changing government priorities brought about periodic reductions in funding.

第94篇
Limitations for Archaeology（ IV ）Third, it was difficult to have a career in archaeology. Archaeology jobs were to be found at universities or with a few government agencies, but there were never many positions available. Many people who wanted to become archaeologists ended up pursuing other careers and contributing to archaeological research only as unpaid amateurs.

第95篇
Shooting Captain of the MIT Rifle Team, Kelly, finds shooting tranquil and relaxing. For the two seconds before you take the shot, you stop thinking, relax, and focus only on making it go exactly where it needs to go. Kelly says this draws a really nice parallel with making rockets and engines—everything has to be precise and perfect in order to work well.

第96篇
Limitations for Archaeology（ I ）The United Kingdom (sometimes referred to as Britain) has a long and rich history of human settlement. Traces of buildings, tools, and art can be found from periods going back many thousands of years: from the Stone Age, through the Bronze Age, the Iron Age, the time of the Roman colonization, the Middle Ages, up to the beginnings of the industrial age. Yet for most of the twentieth century, the science of archaeology — dedicated to uncovering and studying old cultural artifacts—was faced with serious problems and limitations in Britain.

第97篇
The Decline of Bird Populations（ II ）Third, as human settlements expand and agriculture increases, the use of chemical pesticides will also increase. Pesticides are poisons designed to kill agricultural and home garden pests, such as insects, but inevitably, pesticides get into the water and into the food chain for birds where they can harm birds. Birds that eat the poisoned insects or drink contaminated water can die as a result, and even if pesticides do not kill birds outright, they can prevent them from reproducing successfully. So pesticides have significantly contributed to  the declines in bird population, and because there will continue to be a need to control agricultural pests in the future, this decline will continue.

第98篇
Address the Decline of Torreya （ I ）The first option is to reestablish Torreya in the same location in which it thrived for thousands of years. Torreya used to be found in abundance in the northern part of Florida, which has a specific microclimate. A microclimate exists when weather conditions inside a relatively small area differ from the region of which that area is a part. Northern Florida's microclimate is very favorable to Torreya's growth. This microclimate is wetter and cooler than the surrounding region's relatively dry, warm climate. Scientists have been working to plant Torreya seeds in the coolest, dampest areas of the microclimate.

第99篇
Address the Decline of Torreya  （ II ）The second option is to move Torreya to an entirely different location, far from its Florida microclimate. Torreya seeds and saplings have been successfully planted and grown in forests further north, where the temperature is significantly cooler. Some scientists believe that Torreya probably thrived in areas much further north in the distant past, so by relocating it now, in a process known as assisted migration, humans would simply be helping Torreya return to an environment that is more suited to its survival.

第100篇
The Road Less TraveledThere are two ways to confront or criticize another human being: with instinctive and spontaneous certainty that one is right, or with a belief that one is probably right arrived at through self-doubting and self-examination. The first is the way of arrogance; it is the most common way of parents, spouses, teachers and people generally in their day-to-day affairs; it is usually unsuccessful, producing more resentment than growth and other effects that were not intended.The second is the way of humility; it is not common, it is more likely to be successful, and it is never destructive. 

第101篇
The Decline of Bird Populations（ I ） In the past century, the steady growth of the human population and the corresponding increase in agriculture and pesticide use have caused much harm to wildlife in the United States, birds in particular. Unfortunately for birds, these trends are likely to continue, with the result that the number of birds in the United States will necessarily decline.First, as human populations and settlements continue to expand, birds' natural habitats will continue to disappear. Forests, wetlands, and grasslands will give way to ever more homes, malls, and offices. As the traditional areas suitable for birds keep decreasing, so will the size of the bird populations that depend on those vanishing habitats.

第102篇
A New Strategy for Advertising（ II ）First, the critics complain that consumers should know whether a person praising a product is being paid to praise the product. Knowing this makes a big difference: we expect the truth from people who we believe do not have any motive for misleading us. But with buzzing what you hear is just paid advertising, which may well give a person incorrect information about the buzzed product.

第103篇
The Damage of “Let It Burn” Policy（ I ） In the United States, it had been common practice since the late 1960s not to suppress natural forest fires. The “let it burn” policy assumed that forest fire would burn themselves out quickly, without causing much damage. However, in the summer of 1988, forest fires in Yellowstone, the most famous national park in the country, burned for more than two months and spread over a huge area, encompassing more than 800,000 acres. Because of the large scale of the damage, many people called for replacing the “let it burn” policy with a policy of extinguishing forest fires as soon as they appeared. Three kinds of damage caused by the “let it burn” policy were emphasized by critics of the policy.

第104篇
The Damage of “Let It Burn” Policy（ Ⅲ）First, Yellowstone fires caused tremendous damage to the park’s trees and other vegetation. When the fires finally died out, nearly one third of Yellowstone’s land had been scorched. Trees were charred and blackened from flames and smoke. Smaller plants were entirely incinerated.What had been a national treasure now seemed like a devastated wasteland.

第105篇
The Damage of “Let It Burn” Policy  （ III ）Second, the park’s wildlife was affected as well. Large animals like deer and elk were seen fleeing the fire. Many smaller species were probably unable to escape. There was also concern that the destruction of habitats and the disruption of food chains would make it impossible for the animals that survived the fire to return.

第106篇
A New Strategy for Advertising（ I ）Many consumers ignore commercial advertisements. In response, advertising companies have started using a new tactic, called “buzzing." The advertisers hire people, buzzers, who personally promote (buzz) products to people they know or meet. The key part is that the buzzers do not reveal that they are being paid to promote anything. They behave as though they were just spontaneously praising a product during normal conversation. Buzzing has generated a lot of controversy, and many critics would like to see it banned.

第107篇
Genetic Modification （ I ）Genetic modification, a process used to change an organism’s genes and hence its characteristics, is now being used to improve trees through genetic modification. It is possible to create trees that produce more fruit, grow faster, or withstand adverse conditions. Planting genetically modified trees on a large scale promises to bring a number of benefits.

第108篇
Genetic Modification （ II ）First, genetically modified trees are designed to be hardier than nature trees; that is, they are more likely to survive than their unmodified counterparts. In Hawaii, for example, a new pest-resistant species of papaya trees has been developed in response to ring spot virus infections that have repeatedly damaged the native papaya tree population. Planting the genetically modified papayas has largely put an end to the ring spot problem.

第109篇
Genetic Modification （ III ）Finally, the use of genetically modified trees can prevent overexploitation of wild trees. Because of the growing demand for firewood and building timber, many forests around the world are being cut down faster than they can be replaced. Introducing genetically modified trees, designed for fast growth and high yield in given geographic conditions, would satisfy the demand for wood in many of those areas and save the endangered native trees, which often include unique or rare species.

第110篇
Ethanol Fuel  （ I ）Ethanol fuel, made from plants such as corn and sugar cane, has been advocated by some people as an alternative to gasoline in the United States. However, many critics argue that ethanol is not a good replacement for gasoline for several reasons.First, the increased use of ethanol fuel would not help to solve one of the biggest environmental problems caused by gasoline use: global warming. Like gasoline, ethanol releases carbon dioxide into the atmosphere when it is burned for fuel and carbon dioxide is greenhouse gas: it helps trap heat in the atmosphere. Thus, ethanol offers no environmental advantage over gasoline.

第111篇
The Damage of “Let It Burn” Policy （ IV ）Third, the fires compromised the value of the park as a tourist attraction, which in turn had negative consequences for the local economy. With several thousand acres of the park engulfed in flames, the tourist season was cut short, and a large number of visitors decided to stay away. Of course, local businesses that depended on park visitors suffered as a result.

第112篇
Ethanol Fuel （ III ）Third, ethanol fuel will never be able to compete with gasoline on price. Although the prices of ethanol and gasoline for the consumer are currently about the same, this is only because of the help in the form of tax subsidies given to ethanol producers by the United States government. These tax subsidies have cost the United States government over $11 billion in the past 30 years. If the United States government were to stop helping producers in this way, the price of ethanol would increase greatly.

第113篇
Boston CollegeBoston College, the first institution of higher education to operate in the city of Boston, is today among the nation’s foremost universities, a leader in the liberal arts, scientific inquiry, and student formation.Boston College urges students to look inward but always to reach out—to develop their minds and talents and use them in service to others.We ask our students to explore the big questions and challenge them to ask: What difference will I make? How will my knowledge serve the world?

第114篇
The Decline of Yellow Cedar（ I ）Populations of the yellow cedar, a species of tree that is common in northwestern North America, have been steadily declining for more than a century now, since about 1880. Scientists have advanced several hypotheses  to explain this decline.One hypothesis is that the yellow cedar decline may be caused by insect parasites, specifically the cedar bark beetle. This beetle is known to attack cedar trees; the beetle larvae eat the wood.There have been recorded instances of sustained beetle attacks overwhelming and killing yellow cedars, so this insect is a good candidate for the cause of the tree’s decline.

第115篇
The Decline of Yellow Cedar（ II ）A second hypothesis attributes the decline to brown bears. Bears sometimes claw at the cedars in order to eat the tree bark, which has a high sugar content. In fact, the cedar bark can contain as much sugar as the wild berries that are a staple of the bears’ diet. Although the bears’ clawing is unlikely to destroy trees by itself, their aggressive feeding habits may critically weaken enough trees to be responsible for the decline.

第116篇
Ethanol Fuel（ II ）Second, the production of significant amounts of ethanol would dramatically reduce the amount of plants available for other uses. For example, much of the corn now grown in the United States is used to feed farm animals such as cows and chickens. It is estimated that if ethanol were used to satisfy just 10 percent of the fuel needs in the United States, more than 60 percent of the corn currently grown in the united stated would have to be used to produce ethanol. If most of the corn were used to produce ethanol, a substantial source of food for animals would disappear.

第117篇
The Little Ice Age（ I ）The Little Ice Age was a period of unusually cold temperature in many parts of the world that lasted from about the year 1350 until 1900C.E. There were unusually harsh winters, and glaciers grew larger in many areas. Scientists have long wondered what caused the Little Ice Age. Several possible causes have been proposed. 

第118篇
The Little Ice Age（ II ）First, the cooling may have been caused by disrupting of ocean currents. Before the Little Ice Age, there was a period of unusually warm weather during which glaciers melted. These melted glaciers sent a large amount of cold freshwater into the Gulf Stream, a large ocean current that strongly affects Earth's climate. Some scientists believe that this freshwater was enough to temporarily disrupt the Gulf Stream. Such a disruption could have caused the Little Ice Age. 

第119篇
The Little Ice Age（ III ）Third, Substantial decreases in human populations may have contributed indirectly to the cooling of the climate. For a variety of reasons (disease, warfare, social disruption), the human population just before the Little Ice Age and during the early part of it was lower than it had been in a long time. Forest trees started growing on fields that were no longer used for agriculture. Since trees absorb carbon dioxide, a greenhouse gas, they decrease the greenhouse effect that keeps Earth warm. With more forest trees absorbing carbon dioxide, Earth became cooler. 

第120篇
Private Transportation（ I ）Today we'll examine the role that private transportation, namely, the automobile plays in city planning. A number of sociologists blame the automobile for the decline of the downtown areas of major cities. In the 1950's and 1960's the automobile made it possible to work in the city and yet live in the suburbs many miles away. Shopping patterns changed: instead of patronizing downtown stores, people in the suburbs went to large shopping malls outside the city and closer to home. 

第121篇
The Decline of Yellow Cedar（ III ）The third hypothesis states that gradual changes of climate may be to blame. Over the last hundred years, the patterns of seasonal as well as day-to-day temperatures have changed in northwestern North America. These changes have affected the root systems of the yellow cedar trees: the fine surface roots now start growing in the late winter rather than in the early spring. The change in the timing of root growth may have significant consequences. Growing roots are sensitive and are therefore likely to suffer damage from partial freezing on cold winter nights. This frozen root damage may be capable of undermining the health of the whole tree, eventually killing it.

第122篇
The Possibility of YaleAs a first generation, low-income student, I didn’t believe that any prestigious schools would be an option for me. But then I found out about QuestBridge during junior year of high school. When I matched with Yale through the QuestBridge, I was thrilled. Now I’m a student at one of the best colleges in the nation with a “full ride” financial aid award that doesn’t require my parents to pay anything and doesn’t require me to take out loans. I couldn’t be happier for this amazing opportunity.Every day I feel newfound excitement, because at Yale, I know that anything is possible. I have Yale to thank for allowing me to discover my potential, and for turning my dreams into reality.

第123篇
The Formation of Desert（ I ）The deserts, which already occupy approximately a fourth of the Earth's land surface, have in recent decades been increasing at an alarming pace. The expansion of desert-like conditions into areas where they did not previously exist is called desertification. It has been estimated that an additional one-fourth of the Earth's land surface is threatened by this process. 

第124篇
The Formation of Desert（ II ）Desertification is accomplished primarily through the loss of stabilizing natural vegetation and the subsequent accelerated erosion of the soil by wind and water. In some cases the loose soil is blown completely away, leaving a stony surface. In other cases, the finer particles may be removed, while the sand-sized particles are accumulated to form mobile hills or ridges of sand. 

第125篇
The Formation of Desert（ III ）Even in the areas that retain a soil cover, the reduction of vegetation typically results in the loss of the soil's ability to absorb substantial quantities of water. The impact of raindrops on the loose soil tends to transfer fine clay particles into the tiniest soil spaces, sealing them and producing a surface that allows very little water penetration. Water absorption is greatly reduced; consequently runoff is increased, resulting in accelerated erosion rates. The gradual drying of the soil caused by its diminished ability to absorb water results in the further loss of vegetation, so that a cycle of progressive surface deterioration is established. 

第126篇
Private Transportation（ II ）Merchants in the city failed; and their stores closed. Downtown shopping areas became deserted. In recent years there's been a rebirth of the downtown areas, as many suburbanites have moved back to the city. They've done this, of course, to avoid highways clogged with commuters from the suburbs. I've chosen this particular city planning problem—our dependence on private transportation to discuss in groups. I'm hoping you all will come up with some innovative solutions. Oh, and don't approach the problem from a purely sociological perspective; try to take into account environmental and economic issues as well.

第127篇
The Expression of Emotions（ II ）Most investigators concur that certain facial expressions suggest the same emotions in all people. Moreover, people in diverse cultures recognize the emotions manifested by the facial expressions. In a classic research, Paul Ekman took photographs of people exhibiting the emotions of anger, disgust, fear, happiness, and sadness. He then asked people around the world to indicate what emotions were being depicted in them. Those queried ranged from European college students to members of the Fore, a tribe that dwells in the New Guinea highlands. 

第128篇
American Politics（ I ）The development of the modern presidency in the United States began with Andrew Jackson who swept to power in 1829 as the head of the Democratic Party and served until 1837. During his administration, he immeasurably enlarged the power of the presidency. "The President is the direct representative of the American people," he lectured the Senate when it opposed him. "He was elected by the people, and is responsible to them." With this declaration, Jackson redefined the character of the presidential office and its relationship to the people.

第129篇
American Politics（ II ）During Jackson's second term, his opponents had gradually come together to form the Whig party. Whigs and Democrats held different attitudes toward the changes brought about by the market, banks, and commerce. The Democrats tended to view society as a continuing conflict between “the people”—farmers, planters, and workers—and a set of greedy aristocrats. 

第130篇
American Politics（ III ）This "paper money aristocracy" of bankers and investors manipulated the banking system for their own profit, Democrats claimed, and sapped the nation's virtue by encouraging speculation and the desire for sudden, unearned wealth. The Democrats wanted the rewards of the market without sacrificing the features of a simple agrarian republic. They wanted the wealth that the market offered without the competitive, changing society; the complex dealing; the dominance of urban centers; and the loss of independence that came with it.

第131篇
The Expression of Emotions（ I ）Joy and sadness are experienced by people in all cultures around the world, but how can we tell when other people are happy or despondent? It turns out that the expression of many emotions may be universal. Smiling is apparently a universal sign of friendliness and approval. Baring the teeth in a hostile way, as noted by Charles Darwin in the nineteenth century, may be a universal sign of anger. As the originator of the theory of evolution, Darwin believed that the universal recognition of facial expressions would have survival value. For example, facial expressions could signal the approach of enemies (or friends) in the absence of language.

第132篇
ArchitectureEven development in architecture has been the result of major technological changes. Materials and methods of construction are integral parts of the design of architecture structures. In earlier times it was necessary to design structural systems suitable for the materials that were available, such as wood, stone, brick. Today technology has progressed to the point where it is possible to invent new building materials to suit the type of structure desired. Enormous changes in materials and techniques of construction within the last few generations have made it possible to enclose space with much greater ease and speed and with a minimum of material. 

第133篇
Special Years in PrincetonDuring the special years you spend among Princeton’s Gothic grounds, learning about yourself and the world around you, you’ll bond with your classmates during late-night conversations after a night out or a night in the library, on road trips for games, in rehearsals for a dance or theater performance, and all the other moments that will create memories you will cherish once you leave … and that will keep you coming back.

第134篇
Early Childhood Education（ I ）Preschools---educational programs for children under the age of five---differ significantly from one country to another according to the views that different societies hold regarding the purpose of early childhood education. For instance, in a cross-country comparison of preschools in China, Japan, and the United States, researchers found that parents in the three countries view the purpose of preschools very differently. Whereas parents in China tend to see preschools primarily as a way of giving children a good start academically, Japanese parents view them primarily as a way of giving children the opportunity to be members of a group. In the United States, in comparison, parents regard the primary purpose of preschools as making children more independent and self-reliant, although obtaining a good academic start and having group experience are also important.

第135篇
Early Childhood Education（ II ）While many programs designed for preschoolers focus primarily on social and emotional factors, some are geared mainly toward promoting cognitive gains and preparing preschoolers for the formal instruction they will experience when they start kindergarten. In the United States, the best-known program designed to promote future academic success is Head Start. Established in the 1960s when the United States declared the War on Poverty, the program has served over 13 million children and their families. The program, which stresses parental involvement, was designed to serve the “whole child”, including children’s physical health, self-confidence, social responsibility, and social and emotional development.

第136篇
The Road Less TraveledGiving up or loss of the old self is an integral part of the process of mental and spiritual growth; depression is a normal and basically healthy phenomenon. Many people are either unwilling or unable to suffer the pain of giving up the outgrown which needs to be forsaken. Consequently they cling, often forever, to their old patterns of thinking and behaving, thus failing to negotiate any crisis, to truly grow up, and to experience the joyful sense of rebirth that accompanies the successful transition into greater maturity.

第137篇
Early Childhood Education（ IV ）The most recent comprehensive evaluation of early intervention programs suggests that, taken as a group, preschools programs can provide significant benefits, and that government funds invested early in life may ultimately lead to a reduction in future costs. For instance, compared with children who did not participate in early intervention programs, participants in various programs showed gains in emotional or cognitive development, better educational outcomes, increased economic self-sufficiency, reduced level of criminal activity, and improved health-related behaviors. Of course, not every program produced all these benefits, and not every child benefited to the same extent.

第138篇
Early Childhood Education（ V ）Not everyone agrees that programs that seek to enhance academic skills during the preschool years are a good thing. In fact, according to developmental psychologist David Elkind, United States society tends to push children so rapidly that they begin to feel tress and pressure at a young age. Elkind argues that academic success is largely dependent upon factors out of parents’ control, such as inherited abilities and a child’s rate of maturation. Consequently, children of a particular age cannot be expected to master educational material without taking into account their current level of cognitive development.

第139篇
The Ogallala Aquifer（ I ）The vast grasslands of the High Plains in the central United States were settled by farmers and ranchers in the 1880s. This region has a semiarid climate, and for 50 years after its settlement, it supported a low-intensity agricultural economy of cattle ranching and wheat farming. In the early twentieth century, however, it was discovered that much of the High Plains was underlain by a huge aquifer (a rock layer containing large quantities of groundwater). This aquifer was named the Ogallala aquifer after the Ogallala Sioux Indians, who once inhabited the region.

第140篇
The Ogallala Aquifer（ II ）The Ogallala aquifer is a sandstone formation that underlies some 583,000 square kilometers of land extending from northwestern Texas to southern South Dakota. Water from rains and melting snows has been accumulating in the Ogallala for the past 30,000 years. Estimates indicate that the aquifer contains enough water to fill Lake Huron, but unfortunately, under the semiarid climatic conditions that presently exist in the region, rates of addition to the aquifer are minimal, amounting to about half a centimeter a year.

第141篇
Early Childhood Education（ III ）Whether Head Start is seen as successful or not depends on the lens through which one is looking. If, for instance, the program is expected to provide long-term increases in IQ (intelligence quotient) scores, it is a disappointment. Although graduates of Head Start programs tend to show immediate IQ gains, these increases do not last. On the other hand, it is clear that Head Start is meeting its goal of getting preschoolers ready for school. Preschoolers who participate in Head Start are better prepared for future schooling than those who do not. Furthermore, graduates of Head Start programs have better future school grade. Finally, some research suggests that ultimately Head Start graduates show higher academic performance at the end of high school, although the gains are modest. 

第142篇
The Origins of Theater（ II ）During the early stages of its development, a society becomes aware of forces that appear to influence or control its food supply and well-being. Having little understanding of natural causes, it attributes both desirable and undesirable occurrences to supernatural or magical forces, and it searches for means to win the favor of these forces. Perceiving an apparent connection between certain actions performed by the group and the result it desires, the group repeats, refines and formalizes those actions into fixed ceremonies, or rituals.

第143篇
A Community Designed to Support YouFrom the moment our Freshmen walk into Harvard until they graduate they are surrounded by people dedicated to making Harvard “home.” Our students make friends in their classes, in the dining halls, on the intramural fields and through student activities.The House System creates a small-college experience within a research university. The dining hall is the center of House life, where students enjoy meals and make life-long friends. House community encourages personal development and preparation for life after Harvard.

第144篇
The Myth of Romantic LoveThe myth of romantic love is a dreadful lie. Perhaps it is a necessary lie in that it ensures the survival of the species by its encouragement and seeming validation of the falling-in-love experience that traps us into marriage. But as a psychiatrist I weep in my heart almost daily for the ghastly confusion and suffering that this myth fosters. Millions of people waste vast amounts of energy desperately and futilely attempting to make the reality of their lives conform to the unreality of the myth. 

第145篇
The Road Less TraveledThey ignore it because our route to reality is not easy. First of all, we are not born with maps; we have to make them, and the making requires effort. The more effort we make to appreciate and perceive reality, the larger and more accurate our maps will be. But many do not want to make this effort. Some stop making it by the end of adolescence. Their maps are small and sketchy, their views of the world narrow and misleading. 

第146篇
The Origins of Theater（ I ）In seeking to describe the origins of theater, one must rely primarily on speculation, since there is little concrete evidence on which to draw. The most widely accepted theory, championed by anthropologists in the late nineteenth and early twentieth centuries, envisions theater as emerging out of myth and ritual. The process perceived by these anthropologists may be summarized briefly.

第147篇
The Long-Term Stability of Ecosystems（ II ）The question of ecosystem stability is complicated, however. The first problem is that ecologists do not all agree what “stability” means. Stability can be defined as simply lack of change. In that case, the climax community would be considered the most stable, since, by definition, it changes the least over time. Alternatively, stability can be defined as the speed with which an ecosystem returns to a particular form following a major disturbance, such as a fire. This kind of stability is also called resilience. In that case, climax communities would be the most fragile and the least stable, since they can require hundreds of years to return to the climax state.

第148篇
The Long-Term Stability of Ecosystems（ III ）Ecologists are especially interested to know what factors contribute to the resilience of communities because climax communities all over the world are being severely damaged or destroyed by human activities. The destruction caused by the volcanic explosion of Mount St. Helens, in the northwestern United States, for example, pales in comparison to the destruction caused by humans. We need to know what aspects of a community are most important to the community’s resistance to destruction, as well as its recovery. 

第149篇
Petroleum Resources（ I ）Petroleum, consisting of crude oil and natural gas, seems to originate from organic matter in marine sediment. Microscopic organisms settle to the seafloor and accumulate in marine mud. The organic matter may partially decompose, using up the dissolved oxygen in the sediment. As soon as the oxygen is gone, decay stops and the remaining organic matter is preserved.

第150篇
Petroleum Resources（ II ）Continued sedimentation—the process of deposits’ settling on the sea bottom—buries the organic matter and subjects it to higher temperatures and pressures, which convert the organic matter to oil and gas. As muddy sediments are pressed together, the gas and small droplets of oil may be squeezed out of the mud and may move into sandy layers nearby. Over long periods of time (millions of years), accumulations of gas and oil can collect in the sandy layers. Both oil and gas are less dense than water, so they generally tend to rise upward through water-saturated rock and sediment. 

